docs(oidc-okta) add Okta configuration steps and images (#1479)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/0.35-x/plugins/oidc-okta.md

## Okta IDP Configuration

### Sample Okta Configuration Steps 

> 1. [Register an Application][okta-register-app]. Select the **Applications** page, click 'Add Application'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Register an Application][okta-register-app]. Select the **Applications** page, click **Add Application**.
```

    <img src="https://doc-assets.konghq.com/0.35/plugins/oidc-okta/01-add-application.png">

> 2. Select 'Web' as the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Web** as the platform.
```

    <img src="https://doc-assets.konghq.com/0.35/plugins/oidc-okta/02-web-app.png">

3. Fill out the Application's Settings

    **Login re-direct URIs** is a URI that corresponds to a Route you have configured in Kong that will use Okta to authenticate. **Group Assignment** defines who is allowed to use this application. **Grant Type Allowed** indicates the Grant types to allow for your application.

    <img src="https://doc-assets.konghq.com/0.35/plugins/oidc-okta/03-app-settings.png">

> 4. After you submit the Application configuration, you will see your client credentials displayed on the **General** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After submitting the Application configuration, the client credentials will display on the **General** page.
```

    <img src="https://doc-assets.konghq.com/0.35/plugins/oidc-okta/04-client-id-secret.png">

> 5. [Define and Configure an Authorization server][okta-authorization-server]. Select the **API** page and add an Authorization Server if you don't have an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Define and configure an Authorization server][okta-authorization-server]. Select the **API** page and add an Authorization Server if you don't have an existing one.
```

    <img src="https://doc-assets.konghq.com/0.35/plugins/oidc-okta/05-auth-server.png">

    <img src="https://doc-assets.konghq.com/0.35/plugins/oidc-okta/06-name-auth.png">

> 6. Click 'Save' and view your Authorization Server Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Save** and view your Authorization Server Settings.
```
